# react_day_2
namaste react repo

1.What is `NPM`?

NPM is a Node Package Manager which is an online directory that contains the various already 
registered open source packages.It modules consume the various functionas as a third-party 
package when installed into an app using the NPM commad "npm install".

2.What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?

parcel and webpack are package bundlers which is type of development tool that combines many 
javascript code files into a single one that is production ready loadable in browser.
It generates dependency graph as it traverses and keeps track of sourse , dependency and
third party files.bundlers are used for large devlopment , staging and production and an exit
from dependency hell.

3.What is `.parcel-cache

.parcel-cache is used by parcel to reduce the building time. ".parcel-cache" contains the 
imformation about the project so that it can reduce the building time if we rebuild the 
application again.

4.What is npx ?

npx is a tool that is used to execute the packages registered on the npm registry without 
installin them.

5.What is difference between dependencies vs devDependencies ? 

A dependency is a library that a project needs to function effectively. 
DevDependencies are the packages a developer needs during development.

6.What is Tree Shaking?

Tree shaking is process of removing the unwanted code that we do not use while developing 
the application

7.What is Hot Module Replacement?

Hot Module Replacement or HMR is a feature that bundler provides. HMR uses File Watcher 
algorithms to keep track of file changes while development and renders those changes on 
the Web UI.

8.List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your 
own words.

i)Hot module replacement : Parcel provides HMR properties to keep track of files changes by 
using file watcher algorithms.
ii)Compression : Parcel provides compression properties to compress heavy files.
iii)Minify : Parcel minifies the code.
iv)Image optimazation : optimse the heavy image files to render smoothly in the web browser.
v)Zero config : Parcel requires zero configurations to setup.

9.What is .gitignore? What should we add and not add into it?

This file contains the list of files that we do not want to commit into the repository.we 
should not add node modules and dist files which can be generated automatically in any 
server base .

10.What is the difference betweeen package.json and package-lock.json ?

1)package.json :

i)this file is mandatory for every project
ii)It contains basicinformation about the project
iii)Application name/version/scripts (ng scripts)


2)package-lock.json :

i)This file is automatically generated for those operations where npm modifies either the 
  node_module tree or package-json.

ii)It is generated after an npm install

iii)It allows future devs & automated systems to download the same dependencies as the 
    project.

iv)it also allows to go back to the past version of the dependencies without actual 
   committing the node_modules folder.

v)It records the same version of the installed packages which allows to reinstall them. 
  Futuee installs wll be capable of building identical description tree.

11.Why should I not modify package-lock.json?

package-lock.json file contains the information about the dependencies and their versions 
used in the project. Deleting it would cause dependency issues in the production environment.

12.What is node_modules ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?

node_modules is a folder that contains all the packages and dependecies used the the 
development of the applicaion. \n It is big file that we should not push to github.

13.What is the dist folder?

dist folder is created when parcel creates the build for the application . It contains 
the HTML and CSS and JS with other files for the build.

14.What is browserlists?

browserlist is a list brosers that our applicaion should support . It also covers the 
browser coverage over a geographical area.

15.Read about: ^ - caret and ~ - tilda

~ : we can use it for minor version updates for a package.
^ : we can use it for major version updates for a package.

